Ethan replied
Nov 8, 8:47am
Hi Darrell,

Thanks for contacting us!

Unfortunately, PayPal does not allow us to transfer license payment from one account to another. So for license purchases made with PayPal, you'll need to cancel your account and purchase a new one under the new account holder's information.

To avoid having two licenses at the same time, here are the specific steps I'd recommend:

1) Cancel auto-renew on your current subscription

Cancel your subscription by logging into your account at WPForms (https://wpforms.com/account/), then going to the Purchase History tab. Here you can click the Cancel Subscription link. This will cancel the auto-renew on your subscription, meaning that you will still be able to finish out your paid term with updates and support (everything will remain as normal for the paid term).

For more details, here's our tutorial on how to do this: https://wpforms.com/docs/how-to-cancel-your-wpforms-account-and-get-a-refund/#cancel-subscription


2) When license expires, purchase under new account

The plugin and the forms will still remain functional when the account is cancelled. For your clients to continue receiving updates and support for the plugin, they'll need to complete a new purchase with their details (ideally when the current license expires, or is about to expire, to avoid/minimize overlap). 

Then, they'll receive a new license key which they'll need to verify within their site's WPForms settings (https://wpforms.com/docs/verify-wpforms-license/). 

However, there's no need to reinstall the plugin and nothing about the forms/entries/settings/etc will change in any way through this process.

When your client receive a new license key with the new account, they'll just have to activate the new license key. The forms will remain fully functional when the license key is swapped out.

I apologize for the extra steps involved for PayPal, though I hope this helps! If you have any questions, could you please let me know?

Thanks! :)

